Grasp simple Robot
UnGrasp simple Robot
GotoObject simple Robot
startPose simple Robot
approachObj simple Robot
intGoal simple Robot
intGoal1 simple Robot
approachGoal simple Robot
goalPose1 simple Robot
goalPose2 simple Robot
goalPose3 simple Robot
goalPose4 simple Robot
goalPose5 simple Robot
goalPose6 simple Robot
goalPose7 simple Robot
goalPose8 simple Robot
goalPose9 simple Robot
goalPose10 simple Robot
goalPose11 simple Robot
goalPose12 simple Robot
goalPose13 simple Robot
goalPose14 simple Robot
goalPose15 simple Robot
Stop simple Robot
Handover simple Human
PickPlace simple Human